---
outline: [2, 3]
---

# What to Do When You Encounter Problems

> Nothing is perfect, and LittleSkin is no exception.

If you encounter any problems during the use of LittleSkin (including but not limited to inability to display textures, website errors, etc.), please read and fully understand the following content, which will be helpful to you.

## The First Reaction When Encountering Problems

<div align="center" style="line-height: 1.5em; font-size: 1.5em; padding: 2em 1em; margin: 2em 0; border: 1px solid var(--vp-c-text-1); border-radius: 8px">Don't panic, don't rush, and don't lose your temper.</div>

In most cases, LittleSkin can operate normally. Therefore, when encountering problems, you should check whether it is your own problem, such as: network errors, operational errors, or even your own browser may prevent you from using LittleSkin normally. So, before asking questions, please judge by your own experience whether it is your own problem.

Next, you should read through :point_right: [Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)](/en/faq/index.md) :point_left:. In many cases, the problem you encounter has troubled many people and the solution has been summarized. In this case, directly referring to the FAQ can solve your problem faster.

If you are sure that it is not your own problem, and the problem you encounter is not listed in the FAQ, you can start preparing to report the problem.

::: tip Tip

Recommended reading: <a href="https://github.com/ryanhanwu/How-To-Ask-Questions-The-Smart-Way/blob/master/README-zh_CN.md" target="_blank">"The Wisdom of Asking Questions"</a>

Fully understanding this article can help you ask questions better and receive replies and correct answers faster (no matter when and where). But please note that the team that created "The Wisdom of Asking Questions" only provides this article to guide you on how to ask questions correctly, they do not provide any technical support for any problems. **Don't be stupid.**

:::

## The Operation Team, or Those Who Help You, Are Not Gods

It seems that most of you don't seem to know?

Then let us tell you a truth:

<div align="center" style="padding: 2em; margin: 2em 0; border: 1px solid var(--vp-c-text-1); border-radius: 8px">
<p align="left">Troubleshooting any problem without the error log is like driving with your eyes closed.</p>
<p align="right" style="font-size: 1.15em">Diagnosing any problem without an error log is like driving blind.</p>
</div>

That is to say, no matter who it is, it is **very difficult to quickly locate your problem with just a few words**!

So, every time you report a problem, don't just drop a sentence like "the skin station is wrong" or "unable to load the skin" and run away. Without the assistance of logs, error screenshots, and other information, we **cannot** know what problem you have encountered across the internet.

To get efficient and pleasant help, it is recommended that you report problems according to the following steps :point_down:

## What Information Should I Provide?

It may vary depending on the situation. Here are a few general ones, with key parts highlighted by us.

### Error Screenshots

If it is a problem with the LittleSkin website, when an error occurs, the website should give corresponding prompts. **Please screenshot the relevant prompts or even the entire page** and provide them when you ask questions.

### Reproduction Steps

Many problems only occur under specific operations. Providing reproduction steps can let the site administrator understand under what operations your problem occurred and quickly locate and solve the problem.

### Logs

Various logs are indispensable information when debugging, so if there are any, please bring these logs when asking questions:

::: warning Note

Considering version isolation, some logs will provide two paths for easy searching.

The `{version}` in the version isolation path is your Minecraft version number, and the actual path does not need to include brackets.

:::

- If the in-game texture cannot be displayed, please provide the log of the skin Mod:
  - The log of CustomSkinLoader is located at `.minecraft/CustomSkinLoader/CustomSkinLoader.log` or `.minecraft/versions/{versions}/CustomSkinLoader/CustomSkinLoader.log`

- If there is a problem with Yggdrasil external login, after adding the JVM parameter `-Dauthlibinjector.debug` and reproducing the problem, please provide the following logs:
  
  - All logs from the start to the error of the server (the last log generated by running the server is located at `logs/latest.log`)
  
  - All logs from the start to the error of the client game (the last log generated by the game is located at `.minecraft/logs/latest.log` or `.minecraft/versions/{versions}/logs/latest.log`)
  
    - If available, please use the launcher's "Test Game" function to export the log first
  
  - The authlib-injector logs of the server and client (the last log generated is located in the game directory under `authlib-injector.log`)
  
  - Launcher logs (please consult the launcher author to get the log location)

When providing logs, please send the log files directly, not the log screenshots. If you don't have these logs, please make it clear when asking questions; if you are asked to provide more information after asking questions, please provide the information we request to help us find the problem.

## Where Should I Ask Questions?

<p style="margin-bottom: 2em"></p>

<NCard title="Join the User Group" link="/en/user-group" >
You can join our official user group to ask questions
</NCard>
<NCard title="Send a Ticket by Email" link="/en/email" >
You can also send us an email ticket
</NCard>
<NCard title="One-on-One Technical Support" link="https://afdian.net/a/tnqzh123" >
You can also get high-quality one-on-one technical support services through <strong>sponsorship support</strong>
</NCard>
